#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 0.5in
\rightmargin 0.5in
\bottommargin 0.5in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Over the course of the year our team has researched, designed, tested an
 aircraft for the SAE Aero Design® East Competition.
 The team worked not only to optimize aircraft performance, but also our
 overall design process.
 A systems engineering and lean design approach was used to set team roles.
 Prioritized collaboration and integration promoted an efficient aircraft
 design and production cycle which the team plans on continuing through
 the final assembly of the competition aircraft.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We started our design process by calculating expected flight loads.
 Further consideration was made for the specific flight environment in Lakeland,
 Fl.
 based on historical data.
 Trade studies were then performed to optimize aerodynamic performance,
 structural integrity, thrust, and stability and control.
 These studies were aided with the use of several tools such as MATLAB,
 SolidWorks, ANSYS, AVL, XFLR5, and an in-house student-developed program,
 Aerothon.
 Once an initial design was completed, an integrated systems approach was
 used to further develop and optimize design details.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Aerocats verified design specifications through an iterative process
 of analysis and testing.
 Final validation of the team's design process was accomplished by successfully
 completing 11 loaded flight tests.
 We believe the final product is well engineered and meets our mission of
 lifting the highest possible payload under given constraints and derived
 requirements.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The UC Aerocats will use a payload equation-based strategy in competition
 to ensure the max bonus is achieved along with incrementally increasing
 the weight to aim for the highest score possible.
 This strategy can further be adjusted with deviations from expected conditions
 to improve our competition performance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This competition has proven to be a invaluable addition to classroom education.
 Our team learned many lessons, not only in practical engineering principles
 but also in project management, manufacturing, and team collaboration.
 These lessons will prepare us, personally and professionally, as we enter
 our engineering careers.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
