#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 0.5in
\rightmargin 0.5in
\bottommargin 0.5in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Executive Summary
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The 2015 Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) Aero Design Series
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

$
\backslash
textsuperscript{
\backslash
textregistered}$
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Regular Class competition invites student teams from universities worldwide
 to design, build, and fly radio-controlled (RC) aircraft.
 These aircraft are optimized to carry the maximum payload weight given
 specific design constraints.
 We, the Aerocats, are proud to continue our rich history in this competition
 with generous support from our sponsors Belcan, GE Aviation, Kinetic Vision,
 ATK, Tect Power, and the University of Cincinnati.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Project Overview
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In order to optimize our design, our team decided to employ lean design
 principles.
 Lean design focuses on two main ideas: (1) minimization of 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

-ings
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (e.g., designing, manufacturing, machining), and (2), maximizing the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

-ilities
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (e.g., manufacturability, maintainability, repairability, etc.).
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Huthwaite2007"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The team broke into critical design sub-teams: propulsion, aerodynamics,
 stability and control, structures, and performance.
 The propulsion team selected the motor, propeller, batteries, and speed
 controller for the aircraft.
 The aerodynamics team sized the main wing to provide maximum lifting capability
 within team-derived requirements as well as the competition takeoff performance
 requirement.
 The stability and control team examined horizontal and vertical tail sizing
 along with control surface sizing to ensure a stable and balanced aircraft.
 Once critical systems were designed, the structures team decided on materials
 and how to construct each system.
 In addition flight operations and project management teams were created.
 The project management team consisted of a team manager and systems engineer.
 The team manager ensured that the team kept in constant communication with
 each other, our advisor, and our pilot, in addition to keeping the team
 organized and on schedule.
 The main job of the systems engineer was system integration and ensuring
 that the aircraft met these and the competition requirements.
 The flight operations team developed plans for flight readiness.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Competition Projections & Conclusions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The team successfully constructed a prototype aircraft that has flown 11
 flights with payloads from 25 lbs to 31 lbs with the 2015 SAE Limiter installed.
 The success of the prototype led the team to multiple design improvements
 that will enhance reliability and lifting cability of the aircraft.
 The team expects the designed aircraft to perform competitively and reliably
 in Lakeland, FL.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Innovations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The team created a system for an adjustable center of gravity (CG) through
 the design of the payload loading system.
 This ensures the pitch stability and response will remain constant increasing
 the pilot's comfort with the aircraft.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
During the design, construction, and test activities the AeroCats team continuou
sly sought to improve the aircraft by always focusing on the overall system
 objective: to win the competition.
 The AeroCats team established core values and aircraft design attributes
 that would enable success, such as designing a simple and robust aircraft
 that could carry a heavy payload, as well as designing for ease of transport,
 assembly, and subsystem access.
 Key aircraft attributes resulting from this design approach are a one-piece
 wing, an easily-accessible payload bay, and modular subassembly layout.
 By using this philosophy to drive the design of the aircraft, a highly
 manufacturable, repairable, and maintainable aircraft was created.
 The AeroCats team believes this is an uncommon approach to an RC aircraft
 design.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
